[DOCU-2380] Multi-geo support (#4147)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/access.md

    
    https://example.us.portal.konghq.com/

> If you have an enterprise {{site.konnect_short_name}} account with multiple geographic regions, the Dev Portal URL varies based on the region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
>The Dev Portal URL varies based on region. 
```
